Disable Stateful Signatures in the build by default (#1676)
open-quantum-safe/liboqs: CONFIGURE.md

**Default**: `ON`.

> ## Stateful Hash Based Signatures 
> 
> XMSS and LMS are the two supported Hash-Based Signatures schemes
> OQS_ENABLE_SIG_STFL_XMSS and OQS_ENABLE_SIG_STFL_LMS contorl these algorithms which are disabled by default.
> A thrid variable, OQS_ENABLE_SIG_STFL_KEY_SIG_GEN also controls the ability to generate keys and signatures. This is also disabled by efault.
> Each of these variables can be set to `ON` or `OFF`.
> When all three are `ON`, stateful signatures is fully functional and can generate key-pairs, sign data, and verify signatures.
> If OQS_ENABLE_SIG_STFL_KEY_SIG_GEN is `OFF` signature verification is the only functioanl operation.
> 
> Standards bodies, such as NIST, recommend that key and signature generation only by done in hardware in-order to best enforce the one-time use of secret keys.
> Keys stored in a file system is extreamly susceptible to simultaneous use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Stateful Hash Based Signatures 

XMSS and LMS are the two supported Hash-Based Signatures schemes.
`OQS_ENABLE_SIG_STFL_XMSS` and `OQS_ENABLE_SIG_STFL_LMS` control these algorithms, which are disabled by default.
A thrid variable, `OQS_ENABLE_SIG_STFL_KEY_SIG_GEN`, also controls the ability to generate keys and signatures. This is also disabled by default.
Each of these variables can be set to `ON` or `OFF`.
When all three are `ON`, stateful signatures are fully functional and can generate key pairs, sign data, and verify signatures.
If `OQS_ENABLE_SIG_STFL_KEY_SIG_GEN` is `OFF` signature verification is the only functional operation.

Standards bodies, such as NIST, recommend that key and signature generation only by done in hardware in order to best enforce the one-time use of secret keys.
Keys stored in a file system are extremely susceptible to simultaneous use.
```
